Alice: You are one of my anxieties. I feel like you're going to abandon me because our relationship won't last long like this Alice: Good evening yes Robert: Don't bother with that Robert: We will have time to tear each other later Alice: So we will necessarily get there Alice: And so will start a cycle again Robert: you take your head too much Robert: My clear ideas Robert: We will see each other Robert: It will be cool
Carol: By the way, I don't know if you remember, I told you that I was not interested neither for a romantic relationship, nor for sex. The sentimental relationship, it remains current, but the rest, it evolved Carol: Sorry it's a bit direct and cash lol I hope it's not too absurd. I wanted to tell you about my state of mind, but lazy to do it through 1000 paths Carol: If you're not interested, no worries. I remain motivated in any case for the little getaway to the tokyo palace! : D tell me what you think Robert: Ohla I hadn't seen your message! Robert:  I like cash people To be honest, I am not available for a classic romantic relationship either. Robert: Anyway, I'm still hot for the Palais de Tokyo tomorrow, and if you want to stop by the apartment to taste some whiskey afterwards, you are welcome. Robert: (Sorry, that must have been a very long "seen") Carol: yeah cool Carol: heading to the Palais de Tokyo tomorrow then Carol: what time do you want us to meet there? Carol: I'm going to bed I'm exhausted, you'll give me your time tomorrow Carol: a priori, I have a preference for the afternoon, I have a few things to do in the morning Robert: Yes! Robert: 5:00 p.m. How would you like it? Robert: (See you tomorrow) Carol: it works!
Alice: But if my weeks are interspersed with cultural moments with you, it's going to be fine! Carol: ooooh cool! it's cool that you tell me that, i will feel less guilty about pumping your time haha Carol: good if you are mentally prepared, it will be fine then ^^ it will not be easy but at least you know it and you are ready xD good luck to you for the next few days !! Alice: Ahah no especially not, I have to do things on the side Alice: thank you! Alice: Good luck to you too in your real estate adventures Carol: thank you: D Alice: We keep up to date :) Carol: yes! :) Alice: We can meet up earlier if you want Carol: as you want! Alice: Ahah we say that again tomorrow then Alice: Good night Carol: yes! early afternoon it might suit me more so as not to have to hurry to get home afterwards, we'll see that tomorrow :) Carol: good night! Alice: It's rolling! Carol: hellooooo Alice: Heyyy! Carol: rdv 2:00 pm would you like it later? don't you too early? :) Carol: (I don't know what time you have for breakfast?) Alice: 2:00 p.m. that's good :) Carol: nice! Carol: see you later then: D Alice: I don't know when I'm having lunch but before then :) Carol: hehe Carol: I'm back home! Thank you again for the afternoon and the evening, it was so nice :) we will try to capture when we have time: P have a good week !! Alice: Thanks to you! Alice: Anyway I'm ready to brave the forbidden to find your hand looking for mine in the middle of the night Carol: you're so cute: D 